Master Shangguan, is he alright?
I sealed his meridians
You send him back for treatment first
Master is their bunch of beasts
You must be Elder Shangguan
Take revenge with the disciples of Jianzong?
Don't worry, you can see everything that happens here.
What they did
I will make them pay back a hundredfold
It was you who hurt my disciple
Who am I?
You are the one who hides
The yellow bag that dares not come out at the back
Girl, let me meet you. What are you capable of?
You are the Immortal Lord of Immortal Blade
At such an age, a saint has a surprising cultivation base
Qingyun Sword Sect is in your hands
A and B will surely surpass our three sects in ten days
Even on an equal footing with the Purple Sky Holy Land
But we're not going to give you that time.
I will kill you here today
No future trouble
Can you wait with us three saints?
The suzerain of the period
You died a worthy death